Now in the previous video, I talked about how
we can make these Spring Components
manage Spring Beans. It's just
ultimately the way we want to go with
this. What I want to do here is I
looked at our open task and we don't
have a task on this, so I'm going to
create a New Issue
and call it Implement Spring Config for
Services. We are just going to use
this as our foundation. I'm trying to
follow the rule set where I don't change
any code without a corresponding ticket
so now making up that ticket, so
ticket #22. I'll go ahead and
assign this to myself. You just have to have it
and now we are going to implement Spring
Services. What we want to do is take
these ap services. I'm just going to
come over here and say @Service.
I'm using the Service annotation because
the intention of this is a Service.
Functionally Service and Component are
the same. It's more an indication of the
behavior, so that takes care of OwnerService.
We'll do him and this guy as well. So
now, what I've done as I've said I want
these Map implementations of the
different CrudService or  Crud
Service Interfaces.
I want those brought into the Spring
Context as Spring Beans. So now, the
Spring sees that Service annotation and
is going to bring these into the Context
upon startup. Now what I want to do here
is now since these are going to be under
my root package and it just as a
reminder because I am using
guru.springframework.sfgpetclinic
because my Spring Pet Clinic application
here is my main startup class in Spring
Boot, it's going to do a Component Scan
of everything in this package and down
so it is going to find that. So if I had
that in different packages, those people
for a loop, they used to Spring just
finding it. Spring doesn't scan the
world. It who'd have tons of, if not hundreds
of thousands of classes to go over and
look for annotations which would be
extremely slow. It does do very targeted
scanning. It's very sensible what the
Spring guys are doing is just say, "Hey, if
I have the Spring Boot application here
sitting in those package, look in this
package and everything underneath it." So
it does want to scan in quite a bit.
You can actually make it more targeted and
we do get into that further in the class.
But here, what we want to do is I'm going
to target this bootstrap class, so let's
look at our data loader and I want
to get rid of this because I don't want
that dependency on the hard
implementation. I want Spring to
implement that. So now if I come up here
and I'm just do alt enter. I'm going to
add in Constructor Parameters. I'll take
them both of those and say OK. You can
see IntelliJ did the refactoring for me
and now you can see I'm taking in the
OwnerService and that is the interface,
I'm specifying the interface. Any
implementation of that interface that's
in the Spring Context is going to get Autowired.
Now previously, I think with Spring
4.2, you'd have to do Autowired like
this. That is no longer required when you
have a Constructor like this, you don't
need to do that. So now, let's go ahead
and I am going to start this up. Let's
make sure this runs happily. I should
still see everything wired up and I'm
laying the groundwork here
because what I want to do is start
utilising Spring to manage the
components in this. You can see there
down at the bottom, I did get Owners and
that's loaded up just like it was before
but now we are using the Spring Context
to load it. Coming up, I did not do
any additional annotations on this. But
coming up, as we implement the different
implementations of this, we will use
Spring Profiles to control. Like a flag
that we can turn on and off, we'll use
those Spring Profiles to configure this.
But for right now, we only have one
implementation so that's just perfectly
fine. Just as a quick recap here, what
I did is we did have the the private
final variables. We don't want anybody
changing those. I changed it so that
those are injected into the constructor.
I have one constructor on my class which
requires Spring and the Spring Inversion
Control Container is going to
wire up these components for us because
I've added annotations to this. These are
now available for us. Going forward,
what will be doing coming up in the
classes will be wiring these into our
controllers and so we'll have these
Spring Beans wired into controllers so
we can utilize those data services in
our controllers as well but we will do
that and upcoming video of this course.
So I'm going to go ahead. That was #22. I'll go ahead and Commit this now.
So same it Closes #22. I will Commit
and Push this. This is some very
basic configuration that we've seen then
the course so far some kind of
reiterating that. We will definitely
be expanding upon this as we develop our
Spring Pet Clinic project.